[Music]
they're short fun and to the point you
can use them to advertise anything share
travel moments or make dinner plans
through a poll Instagram stories have
become highly popular and even if you
think you're a pro there's no limit to
perfection here comes your chance to up
your stories game counting down from
number 11 make a collage without using
external apps there are tons of apps
that let you create stories collages but
if you want to save your phone memory
and some time and get as creative as can
be this tip is for you start by making a
solid background you can take a random
picture then tap and hold on it with the
pen tool so that the screen becomes
monochrome or you can choose a picture
from your library that will serve as a
background for your collage then open
your camera roll pick the picture you
want to paste and simply copy it using
the little icon in the left bottom
corner on iPhones go back to stories and
voila the picture you just selected will
pop up now you can put it wherever you
want it to be and resize it however you
wish you can add as many pictures as you
like but this isn't where the collage
story ends search the web for fun images
or icons you want to add to your collage
save them to your camera roll and add
them just like you did with photos and
if you want to make a cool Polaroid
frame you can also find it online and
add it just make sure it's a PNG file so
that it looks transparent in your
collage save it copy it now add it this
trick gives you infinite creative
options number 10 add pin stickers
emojis and gifts to your videos travel
bloggers like to add this element of
surprise to their stories they show you
a beautiful panorama of the city and bam
a bird sticker comes out of nowhere the
trick to making elements appear at the
right moment is simple record a video or
add a save one to your stories pick a
sticker emoji or whatever element you
want to add to it tap and hold it until
you see a slider bar at the bottom
pop-up use it to scroll through your
video till you find the right moment you
want the surprise
to come out then tap in and you're done
number nine use portrait mode right in
your stories if your smartphone doesn't
have a portrait mode or if you want to
create that fancy looking blurred
background right in your stories for
some reason here's what you can do
the portrait mode in stories is called
focus you can find it swiping through
the different modes at the bottom of the
screen now focus on your subject and the
rest will be blurred in the best
traditions of DSLR cameras number eight
share videos from other sources do you
have a video you previously shared to
YouTube and want to add it to your
stories or maybe you're dying to show
everyone a piece of that new music video
you loved if you have an iPhone it's
easy as can be
enable screen recording in your phone's
control center and you'll be able to
record whatever is playing on your phone
and once you have the video in your
library you can easily share it in
stories number seven make your emojis
glow it's often the little things that
matter most and change everything so why
don't you add some glow to your emojis
to make them stand out to do that simply
open the text tool in your stories and
pick the neon font and Wow
any emoji you add will shine bright like
a little diamond another fun trick with
emojis you can try is using them as a
gradient filter for your story just pick
one of the emojis and zoom it into the
max and move it to the side using its
edge as a filter experiment to find the
perfect emoji for this purpose number
six play with a magic eraser this trick
is a good way to present even the least
interesting picture in a mysterious and
fun way or maybe present some exciting
news but tease your audience a bit take
a photo in stories or choose one from
your library then open the pen tool pick
any color you like and tap and hold on
the screen to fill it all with one color
now pick the eraser tool and draw
whatever you want on your image
[Music]
number five make a pop-up card you must
definitely know how to add posts to your
stories but there's a trick to make your
shared posts look more fancy and
advertise the whole profile at the same
time a blurred background will be an
added bonus in this trick open the
profile you want to share a post from
pick the photo you like tap and hold it
once everything else but the picture
becomes blurred make a screenshot and
share it in your stories number four let
everyone know about your new post in a
fancy way instagram has interesting
algorithms these days and not every
picture you post to your feed shows up
to everyone else so advertise it in your
stories but do it the classy way open
your feed pick the photo you like and
press the share button and choose add to
my story now zoom in to maximize the
shot to fill the whole screen pick from
a variety of tap here stickers and add
an exciting caption so your followers
will be interested in your post number 3
hide your hashtags hashtags and stories
can look quite annoying but they make
your pictures searchable so you might
still want to add them so add up to 10
hashtags to your story that's the
maximum amount Instagram let you use and
then make them waist smaller than they
originally were don't go to extremes
though because this way Instagram won't
see them as working hashtags now pick a
good-looking gif or sticker and simply
put it over the hashtags they will still
work but will be perfectly camouflaged
and not annoy anyone number 2 add more
than one question sticker to your story
question stickers sure add interactivity
to the Instagram world people use them
to ask for opinions recommendations and
whatnot the only problem with them is
that you're limited to one question
sticker per story and so you sometimes
have to share 10 stories in a row
featuring just questions luckily there's
a solution for this insta problem create
a story with a question sticker and take
a screenshot of it
discard the first story and open the
screenshot you took now add the second
sticker to the screenshot and keep going
until you have asked as many questions
as you want now your followers won't
have to scroll through endless question
entries number one create rainbow or
gradient captions I'm sure you know your
fonts colors and even text chat ups but
did you know your favorite bloggers make
their captions gradient or rainbow
bright to do that open stories take a
random picture or choose one from your
library type your message then tap on it
and pick select all to define what
you'll be working with now in the color
palette that pops up press and hold on
any color you like keep one finger on
the palette and one on the text you're
trying to decorate now slide with both
fingers over the text and the palette to
the left of the screen simultaneously
can you see the magic happening
you can try going faster or slower to
add more or less color variations and
get a different result every time you
try it it takes practice but after a few
attempts you'll be a pro at this so
what's your favorite insta trick maybe
you have one to share with everyone
let's collect tricks in the comments
below don't forget to give this video a
like share it with your friends and
click Subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life